{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1030{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800\cf1\b\f0\fs20 Gunner B\'e6kgaard\par
Fra:\b0\tab powens@Alfaisaliah.com\par
\b Sendt:\b0\tab 10. november 2002 08:19\par
\b Til:\b0\tab gunner.baekgaard@dk-audio.com\par
\b Emne:\b0\tab RE: PTV Test Generator in Riyadh TV Saudia Arabia\par
\pard\cf0 Dear Gunner,\fs24  \line\fs20 Thanks for the reply.\fs24  \line\fs20 Here is the information, we are using the SDI out.\fs24  \line\fs20 The Main frame is PT-5230100  sewrial KU020866\fs24  \line\fs20 Option board PT-8633 serial KU020742\fs24  \line\fs20 PT-8637 serial KU 020665\fs24  \par
\par
\fs20 Hope this is OK\fs24  \line\fs20 Thanks Patrick Owens\fs24  \line\fs20 mobile 00966 55882485\fs24  \par
\par
\par
\fs20 -----Original Message-----\fs24  \line\fs20 From: Gunner B\'e6kgaard [ \cf2\ul <mailto:gunner.baekgaard@dk-audio.com>\cf0\ulnone ]\fs24  \line\fs20 Sent: Tuesday, November 05, 2002 12:51 PM\fs24  \line\fs20 To: Patrick Owens\fs24  \line\fs20 Cc: John Andersson\fs24  \line\fs20 Subject: PTV Test Generator in Riyadh TV Saudia Arabia\fs24  \par
\par
\par
\fs20 Dear Mr. Owens.\fs24  \par
\par
\fs20 I have received your e-mail in second try and have had a look on the\fs24  \line\fs20 picture.\fs24  \par
\par
\fs20 The implemention of the Arabic logo seem to be possible.\fs24  \line\fs20 However we do need som more information about the target instrument:\fs24  \par
\par
\fs20 - Typenumber of the main instrument (PT5230) and its serial number.\fs24  \line\fs20 - Option in which the logo has to be embedded (Analog testpattern generator\fs24  \line\fs20 in PT 8631 - or digital testpattern generator PT 8633).\fs24  \par
\par
\fs20 The price level for the update of s/w with the embedded logos is approx. USD\fs24  \line\fs20 3,300.-\fs24  \par
\par
\fs20 When the logos are to be implemented, separate graphic files for each\fs24  \line\fs20 text/logio are needed.\fs24  \par
\par
\fs20 Looking forward to hearing from you.\fs24  \par
\par
\fs20 Med venlig hilsen/Best regards,\fs24  \line\fs20 Gunner B\'e6kgaard\fs24  \line\fs20 Development Manager\fs24  \line\fs20 DK-Audio & PTV\fs24  \line\fs20 - professional audio & video equipment\fs24  \line\fs20 for studio and broadcast applications\fs24  \par
\par
\fs20 DK-AUDIO A/S\fs24  \line\fs20 Marielundvej 37D, DK-2730 Herlev, Denmark\fs24  \line\fs20 Tel.: +45 44 85 02 63 (direct)\fs24  \line\fs20 Tel.: +45 44 85 02 55\fs24  \line\fs20 Fax: +45 44 85 02 50\fs24  \line\fs20 www.dk-audio.com\fs24  \line\fs20 www.ptv.dk\fs24  \par
\par
\par
\fs20 > -----Oprindelig meddelelse-----\fs24  \line\fs20 > Fra:  powens@Alfaisaliah.com [SMTP:powens@Alfaisaliah.com]\fs24  \line\fs20 > Sendt:        4. november 2002 09:11\fs24  \line\fs20 > Til:  service@dk-audio.com\fs24  \line\fs20 > Emne: FW: Undeliverable: PTV Test Generator in Riyadh TV Saudia Arabia\fs24  \line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > Please forward this attachement to the person in the test generator\fs24  \line\fs20 > section \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > -----Original Message----- \fs24\line\fs20 > From: Patrick Owens \fs24\line\fs20 > Sent: Monday, November 04, 2002 11:03 AM \fs24\line\fs20 > To: gpg@dk-audio.com \fs24\line\fs20 > Subject: FW: Undeliverable: PTV Test Generator in Riyadh TV Saudia \fs24\line\fs20 > Arabia \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > -----Original Message----- \fs24\line\fs20 > From: System Administrator [ < \cf2\ul <mailto:postmaster@dk-audio.com>\cf0\ulnone > \fs24\line\fs20 > < < \cf2\ul <mailto:postmaster@dk-audio.com>\cf0\ulnone >> ] \fs24\line\fs20 > Sent: Saturday, November 02, 2002 9:33 AM \fs24\line\fs20 > To: Patrick Owens \fs24\line\fs20 > Subject: Undeliverable: PTV Test Generator in Riyadh TV Saudia Arabia \fs24\line         \fs20 .\fs24  \par
\par
\fs20 > Your message \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 >   To:      GPG@dk-audio.dk \fs24\line\fs20 >   Subject: PTV Test Generator in Riyadh TV Saudia Arabia \fs24\line\fs20 >   Sent:    Sat, 2 Nov 2002 07:26:09 +0100 \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > did not reach the following recipient(s): \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > GPG@dk-audio.dk on Sat, 2 Nov 2002 07:32:35 +0100 \fs24\line\fs20 >     The recipient name is not recognized \fs24\line\fs20 >         The MTS-ID of the original message is: c=us;a= \fs24\line\fs20 > ;p=dk-audio;l=DKAMAIL0211020632VZC0C814 \fs24\line\fs20 >     MSEXCH:IMS:DK-Audio:DKA:DKAMAIL 0 (000C05A6) Unknown Recipient \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > ----------------------------------------------------- \fs24\line\fs20 > This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended\fs24  \line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom/which they are \fs24\line\fs20 > addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the\fs24  \line\fs20 > system \fs24\line\fs20 > manager at the following email address: sadmin@alfaisaliah.com < \fs24\line\fs20 > < \cf2\ul <mailto:sadmin@alfaisaliah.com>\cf0\ulnone > < < \cf2\ul <mailto:sadmin@alfaisaliah.com>\cf0\ulnone >> >.\fs24  \line\fs20 > Please note \fs24\line\fs20 > that any views or opinions presented in this email are solely those of the\fs24  \line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > author and do not necessarily represent those of Al Faisaliah Group. \fs24\line\fs20 > Internet communications cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as\fs24  \line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, arrive late or contain \fs24\line\fs20 > viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or \fs24\line\fs20 > omissions in the context of this message, which arise as a result of \fs24\line\fs20 > Internet transmission.  Finally, the recipient should check this email and\fs24  \line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > any attachments for the presence of viruses. Al Faisaliah Group accepts no\fs24  \line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this email. \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > ----------------------------------------------------- \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 >   \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 >   \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > ----------------------------------------------------- \fs24\line\fs20 > This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended\fs24  \line\fs20 > solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom/which they are\fs24  \line\fs20 > addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the\fs24  \line\fs20 > system manager at the following email address: sadmin@alfaisaliah.com <\fs24  \line\fs20 > < \cf2\ul <mailto:sadmin@alfaisaliah.com>\cf0\ulnone >>. Please note that any views or opinions\fs24  \line\fs20 > presented in this email are solely those of the author and do not\fs24  \line\fs20 > necessarily represent those of Al Faisaliah Group. Internet communications\fs24  \line\fs20 > cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be\fs24  \line\fs20 > intercepted, corrupted, lost, arrive late or contain viruses. The sender\fs24  \line\fs20 > therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the\fs24  \line\fs20 > context of this message, which arise as a result of Internet transmission.\fs24  \line\fs20 > Finally, the recipient should check this email and any attachments for the\fs24  \line\fs20 > presence of viruses. Al Faisaliah Group accepts no liability for any\fs24  \line\fs20 > damage caused by any virus transmitted by this email. \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 > ----------------------------------------------------- \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 >   \fs24\line\fs20 > \fs24\line\fs20 >    <<Meddelelse: PTV Test Generator in Riyadh TV Saudia Arabia>> \fs24\par
\par
\par
\fs20 ----------------------------------------------------- \fs24\line\fs20 This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom/which they are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the system manager at the following email address: sadmin@alfaisaliah.com < \cf2\ul <mailto:sadmin@alfaisaliah.com>\cf0\ulnone >. Please note that any views or opinions presented in this email are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of Al Faisaliah Group. Internet communications cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, arrive late or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the context of this message, which arise as a result of Internet transmission.  Finally, the recipient should check this email and any attachments for the presence of viruses. Al Faisaliah Group accepts no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this email. \fs24\par
\par
\fs20 ----------------------------------------------------- \fs24\line\par
\par
\pard\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800\cf1\fs20\par
}
 